### [Hubble Contact Lenses: Data Driven Direct-to-Consumer Marketing](https://services.hbsp.harvard.edu/api/courses/1121877/items/519011-PDF-ENG/sclinks/76e1bc7f2ce462f89eff63dbe94f10f9)

Key Questions for Case Reading and Peer Learning Session Discussion

1. Evaluate Hubble’s current business model. Would you invest in their current fundraising round? Why or why not? What excites you and what worries you about the company at this point in its development?
   1. I am worried about the health of the individual's given the low Dk value. I believe that the FDA has approved the contacts for use, but I am concerned about long-term effects and improper use of the contacts and the effect that may have on their health. I would not invest in their current fundraising round because I do not see any advantage to the product other than capitalizing on a target market gap. If the company made an innovation that moved the current state-of-the-art forward or provided a service that benefitted customer's lives in a positive manner then I would consider investing. 
2. How efficiently does Hubble acquire and retain customers? What do they do well and what needs improvement?
   1. The year-over-year growth is 14x. This appears to be successful in acquiring new customers. The traditional media ad spend needs to be adjusted to be more efficiently used. 
3. What is the role of offline and online advertising in acquiring Hubble customers? Evaluate the following decisions facing Hubble regarding online versus offline media allocation:
   1. As of April 2018, Hubble is allocating 78% of its media spend to online advertising and 22% to traditional channels (TV, Radio, Podcast, and Mailers).Is this budget allocation between online and offline appropriate and if not, how would you adjust it? This is an appropriate budget. If I were to adjust the budget, I would spend more capital on online advertising and less on traditional media. I would use an 80/20 to a 90/10 proportion in the interest of online media. This is because the effect and the use of the money spent on online media is known whereas the effect and the use of traditional media is unknown. Furthermore, Hubble's targeted demographic is millenial women whom consume online media and are less likely to use traditional media such as Radio, TV, Podcasts, & Mailers. 
   2. Based on the results of the TV campaigns, would you recommend that Hubble switch some of its spending to TV? Why or why not? How much? 
      1. I think it is worthwhile to switch some of its spending to TV. There seems to be a correlation between sales and the TV campaigns. It is ambiguous as to precisely how much to spend on the TV campaign. 
   3. Should Hubble continue to spend the bulk of its budget on reaching new consumers or reallocate some of that spending to retarget those who have already been exposed to its ads? Why? 
      1. Hubble should continue to spend the bulk of its budget reaching new customers. The customers that have been reached by hubble are already satisfied, and they should expand to convert customers that are using more expensive brands by offering a competitive product at an affordable price. 
4. As Hubble prepares to scale its business following its upcoming fundraise, how should they allocate capital across the following decisions? Which, if any, would you prioritize in the short term?
   1. Should Hubble expand its product line? 
      1. Hubble should expand its product line to include products that last longer and that include higher Dk scores. 
   2. Should Hubble move beyond DTC? If so, should it open its own flagship stores, sell via a wholesale model through retailers, or create a reseller option for opticians?
      1. I think Hubble should move beyond DTC. They should give a reseller option for opticians since the opticians are already recommending the product. 
   3. Should Hubble expand internationally or focus on its business at home in the U.S.? 
      1. It would be in Hubble's interest to investigate the costs and regulation associated with expanding internationally. If it is a profitable proposition, then it would be in Hubble's best interest to do so. 
   4. How do each of these scaling decisions impact Hubble’s customer relationship management?
      1. By including products that last longer & have a higher Dk score, they would be more likely to be recommended by opticians which would bode favorably for them in the eyes of their customers. This would allow Hubble to compete with other brands that have superior products and products that last for longer period of times. This allows Hubble to offer a product that is comparable in quality to its customers which wouuld increase the customer base and increase how their customer's feel about Hubble's brand. By expanding into international markets, they may be able to identify markets that are absent from larger competitors. This would give Hubble an edge and give them an opportunity to claim new relationships with these customers in new countries. Finally by offering a product with a higher Dk score, opticians would be more likely to recommend the product as it is up to state-of-the art standards with respect to eye health. This along with a reseller option for opticians would increase their relationship, increase sales, and gain new customers. 